Add InfluxDB 3 query guides (#5798)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/enterprise/query-data/execute-queries/influxdb3-cli.md

---
title: Use the influxdb3 CLI to query data
list_title: Use the influxdb3 CLI
description: >

>   Use the `influxdb3 query` command to query data in InfluxDB Clustered with SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the `influxdb3 query` command to query data in {{< product-name >}} with SQL.
```
